README.md, before:

# 🚀 Maxi Web Components - Vanilla JS Showcase

A complete demonstration application showcasing all components from the **Maxi Web Components** library working with **pure Vanilla JavaScript**, no frameworks required.

![Maxi Web Components Preview](./assets/logo.png)

---

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [Description](#-description)
- [Features](#-features)
- [Project Structure](#-project-structure)
- [Available Components](#-available-components)
- [Installation](#-installation)
- [Usage](#-usage)
- [Available Scripts](#-available-scripts)
- [Deployment](#-deployment)
- [Development](#-development)
- [Technologies](#-technologies)
- [License](#-license)

---

## 🎯 Description

This project is an **interactive showcase** of the `maxi-web-components` library, designed to demonstrate how to use each component in a **Vanilla JavaScript** environment without the need for frameworks like Angular, React, or Vue.

### What is Maxi Web Components?

A library of reusable **Web Components** built with **Stencil.js**, that work with any framework or without any framework at all.

---

## ✨ Features

- ✅ **100% Vanilla JavaScript** - No frameworks, just pure JS
- 🎨 **Modern Design** - Clean and professional UI
- 📱 **Fully Responsive** - Adapts to mobile, tablet, and desktop
- 🧩 **Modular Architecture** - Each component in its own file
- 🚀 **Optimized Deployment** - Build script for production
- 🎭 **Web Components** - Using web standards
- 💅 **CSS Grid & Flexbox** - Modern and flexible layout
- 🌈 **Color-Coded Sections** - Each section with its own identifying color

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
vanilla/
├── assets/                    # Static resources
│   ├── icons/                # SVG icons
│   ├── logo.png              # Project logo
│   ├── vanilla.svg           # Vanilla JS logo
│   └── loading.gif           # Loading animation
│
├── js/                       # JavaScript
│   ├── components/           # Modular components
│   │   ├── Accordion.js      # Collapsible panels
│   │   ├── Autocomplete.js   # Autocomplete input
│   │   ├── Badge.js          # Status badges
│   │   ├── Buttons.js        # Buttons (solid, outline, icon)
│   │   ├── Calendar.js       # Date picker
│   │   ├── Card.js           # Content cards
│   │   ├── CascadeMenu.js    # Hierarchical menu
│   │   ├── Checkbox.js       # Checkboxes
│   │   ├── Chips.js          # Removable tags/chips
│   │   ├── Dialog.js         # Modal dialogs
│   │   ├── Dropdown.js       # Dropdowns/Selects
│   │   ├── InputField.js     # Text inputs
│   │   ├── InputOTP.js       # One-Time Password verification
│   │   ├── InputNumber.js    # Number inputs
│   │   ├── InputRadio.js     # Radio buttons
│   │   ├── InputSwitch.js    # Toggle switches
│   │   ├── Menubar.js        # Horizontal navigation menu
│   │   ├── MultiSelect.js    # Multiple selects
│   │   ├── Notification.js   # Toast notifications
│   │   ├── Paginator.js      # Paginator
│   │   ├── Preload.js        # Loading overlay
│   │   ├── Sidebar.js        # Sidebar
│   │   ├── Skeleton.js       # Loading placeholders
│   │   ├── Spinner.js        # Loading spinner
│   │   ├── Table.js          # Data tables
│   │   ├── Tabs.js           # Tabs
│   │   ├── Timeline.js       # Timeline
│   │   └── Tooltip.js        # Tooltips
│   └── index.js              # Main entry point
│
├── styles/                   # CSS styles
│   └── main.css              # Main styles
│
├── vendor/                   # Vendor dependencies (auto-generated)
│   └── maxi-web-components/  # Symlink to node_modules (local dev)
│
├── build.js                  # Build script for production
├── setup-vendor.js           # Setup script for local development
├── index.html                # Main page
├── package.json              # Dependencies and scripts
├── netlify.toml              # Netlify configuration
└── .gitignore                # Files ignored by Git
```

---

## 🧩 Available Components

### 📝 Input Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Input Field** | Basic text input field | `InputField.js` |
| **Input Number** | Numeric input with increment/decrement | `InputNumber.js` |
| **Input Switch** | On/off toggle switch | `InputSwitch.js` |
| **Input Radio** | Radio buttons with multiple options | `InputRadio.js` |
| **Checkbox** | Checkboxes for multiple selection | `Checkbox.js` |
| **Autocomplete** | Input with autocomplete | `Autocomplete.js` |
| **Dropdown** | Dropdown/Select | `Dropdown.js` |
| **MultiSelect** | Select with multiple selection | `MultiSelect.js` |
| **Calendar** | Date picker | `Calendar.js` |
| **Input OTP** | One-Time Password verification | `InputOTP.js` |

### 🧭 Navigation Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Tabs** | Navigation tabs | `Tabs.js` |
| **Sidebar** | Sidebar navigation | `Sidebar.js` |
| **Cascade Menu** | Hierarchical dropdown menu | `CascadeMenu.js` |
| **Menubar** | Horizontal navigation menu | `Menubar.js` |

### 📄 Paginator
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Paginator** | Pagination control with options | `Paginator.js` |

### 🎬 Action Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Buttons** | Buttons (solid, outline, icon) | `Buttons.js` |
| **Chips** | Removable tags/chips | `Chips.js` |

### 🎨 Display Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Card** | Content cards | `Card.js` |
| **Badge** | Status badges | `Badge.js` |
| **Timeline** | Timeline | `Timeline.js` |
| **Spinner** | Loading spinner | `Spinner.js` |
| **Skeleton** | Animated loading placeholders | `Skeleton.js` |
| **Preload** | Global loading overlay | `Preload.js` |
| **Accordion** | Collapsible content panels | `Accordion.js` |

### 📊 Data Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Table** | Tables with pagination and selection | `Table.js` |

### 💬 Feedback Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Notification** | Toast notifications | `Notification.js` |
| **Dialog** | Modal dialogs | `Dialog.js` |
| **Tooltip** | Informative tooltips | `Tooltip.js` |

---

## 🛠 Installation

### Prerequisites

- **Node.js** (v18 or higher)
- **npm** or **yarn**

### Steps

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone <your-repository>
   cd vanilla
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start development server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Open in browser**
   ```
   http://localhost:8080
   ```

---

## 🎮 Usage

### Component Structure

Each component follows this modular structure:

```javascript
// js/components/InputField.js
class InputFieldComponent {
    static render() {
        const card = document.createElement("div");
        card.className = "component-card";

        card.innerHTML = `
            <div class="component-header">
                <h3 class="component-title">Input Field</h3>
                <p class="component-description">Basic text input field</p>
            </div>
            <div class="component-preview">
                <ms-input-field 
                    id="input-field"
                    placeholder="Enter text..."
                    label="Label">
                </ms-input-field>
            </div>
        `;

        // Component logic
        setTimeout(() => {
            const input = card.querySelector("#input-field");
            input.addEventListener("input", (e) => {
                console.log("Value:", e.target.value);
            });
        }, 0);

        return card;
    }
}

export default InputFieldComponent;
```

### Adding a New Component

1. **Create the component file**
   ```bash
   touch js/components/MyComponent.js
   ```

2. **Define the component**
   ```javascript
   class MyComponent {
       static render() {
           const card = document.createElement("div");
           card.className = "component-card";
           
           card.innerHTML = `
               <div class="component-header">
                   <h3 class="component-title">My Component</h3>
               </div>
               <div class="component-preview">
                   <ms-my-component></ms-my-component>
               </div>
           `;
           
           return card;
       }
   }
   export default MyComponent;
   ```

3. **Import in `index.js`**
   ```javascript
   import MyComponent from './components/MyComponent.js';
   
   // Add to the corresponding category
   this.categories = {
       inputs: [
           { name: 'MyComponent', component: MyComponent }
       ]
   };
   ```

4. **Add section in `index.html`** (if it's a new category)
   ```html
   <section id="my-section" class="section">
       <div class="section-card">
           <div class="section-header">
               <h2 class="section-title">My Section</h2>
           </div>
           <div id="my-section-grid" class="components-grid">
               <!-- Components will be loaded here -->
           </div>
       </div>
   </section>
   ```

---

## 📜 Available Scripts

### `npm run dev`
Starts a development server at `http://localhost:8080`

```bash
npm run dev
```

### `npm run build`
Builds the application for production in the `dist/` folder

```bash
npm run build
```

**What does the build do?**
- ✅ Copies `index.html`
- ✅ Copies `js/` folder
- ✅ Copies `styles/` folder
- ✅ Copies `assets/` folder
- ✅ Copies `maxi-web-components` to `vendor/` folder
  - Includes `global.css`
  - Includes all JS modules
  - Includes fonts and assets

### `npm run deploy`
Builds and deploys to Netlify

```bash
npm run deploy
```

---

## 🚀 Deployment

### Netlify (Recommended)

#### Automatic Setup

1. **Connect repository**
   - Go to [Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/)
   - Click "Add new site" → "Import an existing project"
   - Connect your Git repository

2. **Build configuration**
   ```toml
   # netlify.toml
   [build]
     publish = "dist"
     command = "npm run build"

   [build.environment]
     NODE_VERSION = "18"
   ```

3. **Automatic deployment**
   - Every push to the main branch will deploy automatically

#### Manual Deploy

```bash
# Install Netlify CLI
npm install -g netlify-cli

# Login
netlify login

# Deploy
npm run deploy
```

### Other Platforms

#### Vercel
```bash
npm install -g vercel
vercel
```

#### GitHub Pages
```bash
npm run build
# Upload dist/ contents to gh-pages branch
```

---

## 👨‍💻 Development

### Architecture

The project uses a **modular component-based architecture**:

```
ComponentsApp (index.js)
    ├── Categories (inputs, navigation, actions, etc.)
    │   ├── Component 1
    │   ├── Component 2
    │   └── Component N
    └── Dynamic rendering in the DOM
```

### Rendering Flow

1. **`index.js`** imports all components
2. Groups components by **categories**
3. For each category, gets the **grid container** from the HTML
4. Calls the **`render()`** method of each component
5. **Appends** the returned element to the grid


### Responsive Design

Main breakpoints:

- **Desktop**: > 1024px
- **Tablet**: 768px - 1024px
- **Mobile**: < 768px

```css
/* Mobile First */
.components-grid {
    grid-template-columns: 1fr;
}

/* Tablet */
@media (min-width: 768px) {
    .components-grid {
        grid-template-columns: repeat(2, 1fr);
    }
}

/* Desktop */
@media (min-width: 1024px) {
    .components-grid {
        grid-template-columns: repeat(3, 1fr);
    }
}
```

### Code Conventions

#### File Names
- **PascalCase** for components: `InputField.js`
- **camelCase** for utilities: `helpers.js`
- **kebab-case** for CSS: `main.css`

#### CSS Class Structure
- **BEM-like**: `.component-card`, `.component-header`, `.component-title`
- **Utility**: `.mb-16`, `.flex`, `.grid`
- **State**: `.is-active`, `.is-loading`

#### JavaScript
- **ES6 Modules**: `import/export`
- **Arrow Functions**: When appropriate
- **Template Literals**: For HTML strings
- **`setTimeout`**: To wait for DOM before manipulating

---

## 🛠 Technologies

### Core
- ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) **HTML5**
- ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) **CSS3** (Grid, Flexbox, Custom Properties)
- ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black) **Vanilla JavaScript** (ES6+)

### Library
- **Maxi Web Components** (Stencil.js)

### Tools
- ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) **Node.js** v18+
- ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-CB3837?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) **npm**
- **http-server** (Development)

### Deployment
- ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=flat&logo=netlify&logoColor=white) **Netlify**

### Fonts
- **Google Fonts** - Source Sans Pro

---

## 📝 Important Notes

### ⚠️ Known Issues

1. **Dropdowns on Mobile**
   - Dropdowns may require horizontal scroll on very small screens
   - Implemented solution: `overflow-x: auto`

2. **Web Components and SEO**
   - Content inside Shadow DOM may not be indexed correctly
   - Consider using Server-Side Rendering for critical SEO

3. **Compatibility**
   - IE11 is not supported (Web Components require modern browsers)
   - Works on: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge (Chromium)

### 💡 Development Tips

1. **Use DevTools** to inspect the Shadow DOM of components
2. **`setTimeout(fn, 0)`** is necessary to wait for DOM rendering
3. **Avoid `position: relative`** on containers if using dropdowns
4. **Use `::part()`** to style Shadow DOM elements
5. **Prefer `querySelector`** over `getElementById` for dynamically created elements

---

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Please:

1. Fork the project
2. Create a branch for your feature (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

## 📧 Contact

**Maxi Web Components Team**

- 🌐 Website: https://storybook-mwc.maxilabs.net/js/
- 📧 Email: ext.aasanchez@maxillc.com

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [Stencil.js](https://stenciljs.com/) - For making Web Components so easy
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) - For Source Sans Pro
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - For free hosting

---

<div align="center">

**Made with ❤️ using Vanilla JavaScript**

⭐ If this project helped you, consider giving it a star on GitHub

</div>

Commit message:

feat(mwc): add carousel component

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Maxi Web Components - Vanilla JS Showcase

A complete demonstration application showcasing all components from the **Maxi Web Components** library working with **pure Vanilla JavaScript**, no frameworks required.

![Maxi Web Components Preview](./assets/logo.png)

---

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [Description](#-description)
- [Features](#-features)
- [Project Structure](#-project-structure)
- [Available Components](#-available-components)
- [Installation](#-installation)
- [Usage](#-usage)
- [Available Scripts](#-available-scripts)
- [Deployment](#-deployment)
- [Development](#-development)
- [Technologies](#-technologies)
- [License](#-license)

---

## 🎯 Description

This project is an **interactive showcase** of the `maxi-web-components` library, designed to demonstrate how to use each component in a **Vanilla JavaScript** environment without the need for frameworks like Angular, React, or Vue.

### What is Maxi Web Components?

A library of reusable **Web Components** built with **Stencil.js**, that work with any framework or without any framework at all.

---

## ✨ Features

- ✅ **100% Vanilla JavaScript** - No frameworks, just pure JS
- 🎨 **Modern Design** - Clean and professional UI
- 📱 **Fully Responsive** - Adapts to mobile, tablet, and desktop
- 🧩 **Modular Architecture** - Each component in its own file
- 🚀 **Optimized Deployment** - Build script for production
- 🎭 **Web Components** - Using web standards
- 💅 **CSS Grid & Flexbox** - Modern and flexible layout
- 🌈 **Color-Coded Sections** - Each section with its own identifying color

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
vanilla/
├── assets/                    # Static resources
│   ├── icons/                # SVG icons
│   ├── logo.png              # Project logo
│   ├── vanilla.svg           # Vanilla JS logo
│   └── loading.gif           # Loading animation
│
├── js/                       # JavaScript
│   ├── components/           # Modular components
│   │   ├── Accordion.js      # Collapsible panels
│   │   ├── Autocomplete.js   # Autocomplete input
│   │   ├── Badge.js          # Status badges
│   │   ├── Buttons.js        # Buttons (solid, outline, icon)
│   │   ├── Calendar.js       # Date picker
│   │   ├── Card.js           # Content cards
│   │   ├── Carousel.js       # Interactive carousel for displaying multiple items with navigation
│   │   ├── CascadeMenu.js    # Hierarchical menu
│   │   ├── Checkbox.js       # Checkboxes
│   │   ├── Chips.js          # Removable tags/chips
│   │   ├── Dialog.js         # Modal dialogs
│   │   ├── Dropdown.js       # Dropdowns/Selects
│   │   ├── InputField.js     # Text inputs
│   │   ├── InputOTP.js       # One-Time Password verification
│   │   ├── InputNumber.js    # Number inputs
│   │   ├── InputRadio.js     # Radio buttons
│   │   ├── InputSwitch.js    # Toggle switches
│   │   ├── Menubar.js        # Horizontal navigation menu
│   │   ├── MultiSelect.js    # Multiple selects
│   │   ├── Notification.js   # Toast notifications
│   │   ├── Paginator.js      # Paginator
│   │   ├── Preload.js        # Loading overlay
│   │   ├── Sidebar.js        # Sidebar
│   │   ├── Skeleton.js       # Loading placeholders
│   │   ├── Spinner.js        # Loading spinner
│   │   ├── Table.js          # Data tables
│   │   ├── Tabs.js           # Tabs
│   │   ├── Timeline.js       # Timeline
│   │   └── Tooltip.js        # Tooltips
│   └── index.js              # Main entry point
│
├── styles/                   # CSS styles
│   └── main.css              # Main styles
│
├── vendor/                   # Vendor dependencies (auto-generated)
│   └── maxi-web-components/  # Symlink to node_modules (local dev)
│
├── build.js                  # Build script for production
├── setup-vendor.js           # Setup script for local development
├── index.html                # Main page
├── package.json              # Dependencies and scripts
├── netlify.toml              # Netlify configuration
└── .gitignore                # Files ignored by Git
```

---

## 🧩 Available Components

### 📝 Input Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Input Field** | Basic text input field | `InputField.js` |
| **Input Number** | Numeric input with increment/decrement | `InputNumber.js` |
| **Input Switch** | On/off toggle switch | `InputSwitch.js` |
| **Input Radio** | Radio buttons with multiple options | `InputRadio.js` |
| **Checkbox** | Checkboxes for multiple selection | `Checkbox.js` |
| **Autocomplete** | Input with autocomplete | `Autocomplete.js` |
| **Dropdown** | Dropdown/Select | `Dropdown.js` |
| **MultiSelect** | Select with multiple selection | `MultiSelect.js` |
| **Calendar** | Date picker | `Calendar.js` |
| **Input OTP** | One-Time Password verification | `InputOTP.js` |

### 🧭 Navigation Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Tabs** | Navigation tabs | `Tabs.js` |
| **Sidebar** | Sidebar navigation | `Sidebar.js` |
| **Cascade Menu** | Hierarchical dropdown menu | `CascadeMenu.js` |
| **Menubar** | Horizontal navigation menu | `Menubar.js` |

### 📄 Paginator
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Paginator** | Pagination control with options | `Paginator.js` |

### 🎬 Action Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Buttons** | Buttons (solid, outline, icon) | `Buttons.js` |
| **Chips** | Removable tags/chips | `Chips.js` |

### 🎨 Display Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Card** | Content cards | `Card.js` |
| **Badge** | Status badges | `Badge.js` |
| **Timeline** | Timeline | `Timeline.js` |
| **Spinner** | Loading spinner | `Spinner.js` |
| **Skeleton** | Animated loading placeholders | `Skeleton.js` |
| **Preload** | Global loading overlay | `Preload.js` |
| **Accordion** | Collapsible content panels | `Accordion.js` |
| **Carousel** | Interactive carousel for displaying multiple items with navigation | `Carousel.js` |

### 📊 Data Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Table** | Tables with pagination and selection | `Table.js` |

### 💬 Feedback Components
| Component | Description | File |
|-----------|-------------|------|
| **Notification** | Toast notifications | `Notification.js` |
| **Dialog** | Modal dialogs | `Dialog.js` |
| **Tooltip** | Informative tooltips | `Tooltip.js` |

---

## 🛠 Installation

### Prerequisites

- **Node.js** (v18 or higher)
- **npm** or **yarn**

### Steps

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone <your-repository>
   cd vanilla
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start development server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Open in browser**
   ```
   http://localhost:8080
   ```

---

## 🎮 Usage

### Component Structure

Each component follows this modular structure:

```javascript
// js/components/InputField.js
class InputFieldComponent {
    static render() {
        const card = document.createElement("div");
        card.className = "component-card";

        card.innerHTML = `
            <div class="component-header">
                <h3 class="component-title">Input Field</h3>
                <p class="component-description">Basic text input field</p>
            </div>
            <div class="component-preview">
                <ms-input-field 
                    id="input-field"
                    placeholder="Enter text..."
                    label="Label">
                </ms-input-field>
            </div>
        `;

        // Component logic
        setTimeout(() => {
            const input = card.querySelector("#input-field");
            input.addEventListener("input", (e) => {
                console.log("Value:", e.target.value);
            });
        }, 0);

        return card;
    }
}

export default InputFieldComponent;
```

### Adding a New Component

1. **Create the component file**
   ```bash
   touch js/components/MyComponent.js
   ```

2. **Define the component**
   ```javascript
   class MyComponent {
       static render() {
           const card = document.createElement("div");
           card.className = "component-card";
           
           card.innerHTML = `
               <div class="component-header">
                   <h3 class="component-title">My Component</h3>
               </div>
               <div class="component-preview">
                   <ms-my-component></ms-my-component>
               </div>
           `;
           
           return card;
       }
   }
   export default MyComponent;
   ```

3. **Import in `index.js`**
   ```javascript
   import MyComponent from './components/MyComponent.js';
   
   // Add to the corresponding category
   this.categories = {
       inputs: [
           { name: 'MyComponent', component: MyComponent }
       ]
   };
   ```

4. **Add section in `index.html`** (if it's a new category)
   ```html
   <section id="my-section" class="section">
       <div class="section-card">
           <div class="section-header">
               <h2 class="section-title">My Section</h2>
           </div>
           <div id="my-section-grid" class="components-grid">
               <!-- Components will be loaded here -->
           </div>
       </div>
   </section>
   ```

---

## 📜 Available Scripts

### `npm run dev`
Starts a development server at `http://localhost:8080`

```bash
npm run dev
```

### `npm run build`
Builds the application for production in the `dist/` folder

```bash
npm run build
```

**What does the build do?**
- ✅ Copies `index.html`
- ✅ Copies `js/` folder
- ✅ Copies `styles/` folder
- ✅ Copies `assets/` folder
- ✅ Copies `maxi-web-components` to `vendor/` folder
  - Includes `global.css`
  - Includes all JS modules
  - Includes fonts and assets

### `npm run deploy`
Builds and deploys to Netlify

```bash
npm run deploy
```

---

## 🚀 Deployment

### Netlify (Recommended)

#### Automatic Setup

1. **Connect repository**
   - Go to [Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/)
   - Click "Add new site" → "Import an existing project"
   - Connect your Git repository

2. **Build configuration**
   ```toml
   # netlify.toml
   [build]
     publish = "dist"
     command = "npm run build"

   [build.environment]
     NODE_VERSION = "18"
   ```

3. **Automatic deployment**
   - Every push to the main branch will deploy automatically

#### Manual Deploy

```bash
# Install Netlify CLI
npm install -g netlify-cli

# Login
netlify login

# Deploy
npm run deploy
```

### Other Platforms

#### Vercel
```bash
npm install -g vercel
vercel
```

#### GitHub Pages
```bash
npm run build
# Upload dist/ contents to gh-pages branch
```

---

## 👨‍💻 Development

### Architecture

The project uses a **modular component-based architecture**:

```
ComponentsApp (index.js)
    ├── Categories (inputs, navigation, actions, etc.)
    │   ├── Component 1
    │   ├── Component 2
    │   └── Component N
    └── Dynamic rendering in the DOM
```

### Rendering Flow

1. **`index.js`** imports all components
2. Groups components by **categories**
3. For each category, gets the **grid container** from the HTML
4. Calls the **`render()`** method of each component
5. **Appends** the returned element to the grid


### Responsive Design

Main breakpoints:

- **Desktop**: > 1024px
- **Tablet**: 768px - 1024px
- **Mobile**: < 768px

```css
/* Mobile First */
.components-grid {
    grid-template-columns: 1fr;
}

/* Tablet */
@media (min-width: 768px) {
    .components-grid {
        grid-template-columns: repeat(2, 1fr);
    }
}

/* Desktop */
@media (min-width: 1024px) {
    .components-grid {
        grid-template-columns: repeat(3, 1fr);
    }
}
```

### Code Conventions

#### File Names
- **PascalCase** for components: `InputField.js`
- **camelCase** for utilities: `helpers.js`
- **kebab-case** for CSS: `main.css`

#### CSS Class Structure
- **BEM-like**: `.component-card`, `.component-header`, `.component-title`
- **Utility**: `.mb-16`, `.flex`, `.grid`
- **State**: `.is-active`, `.is-loading`

#### JavaScript
- **ES6 Modules**: `import/export`
- **Arrow Functions**: When appropriate
- **Template Literals**: For HTML strings
- **`setTimeout`**: To wait for DOM before manipulating

---

## 🛠 Technologies

### Core
- ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) **HTML5**
- ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) **CSS3** (Grid, Flexbox, Custom Properties)
- ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black) **Vanilla JavaScript** (ES6+)

### Library
- **Maxi Web Components** (Stencil.js)

### Tools
- ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) **Node.js** v18+
- ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-CB3837?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) **npm**
- **http-server** (Development)

### Deployment
- ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=flat&logo=netlify&logoColor=white) **Netlify**

### Fonts
- **Google Fonts** - Source Sans Pro

---

## 📝 Important Notes

### ⚠️ Known Issues

1. **Dropdowns on Mobile**
   - Dropdowns may require horizontal scroll on very small screens
   - Implemented solution: `overflow-x: auto`

2. **Web Components and SEO**
   - Content inside Shadow DOM may not be indexed correctly
   - Consider using Server-Side Rendering for critical SEO

3. **Compatibility**
   - IE11 is not supported (Web Components require modern browsers)
   - Works on: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge (Chromium)

### 💡 Development Tips

1. **Use DevTools** to inspect the Shadow DOM of components
2. **`setTimeout(fn, 0)`** is necessary to wait for DOM rendering
3. **Avoid `position: relative`** on containers if using dropdowns
4. **Use `::part()`** to style Shadow DOM elements
5. **Prefer `querySelector`** over `getElementById` for dynamically created elements

---

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Please:

1. Fork the project
2. Create a branch for your feature (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

## 📧 Contact

**Maxi Web Components Team**

- 🌐 Website: https://storybook-mwc.maxilabs.net/js/
- 📧 Email: ext.aasanchez@maxillc.com

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [Stencil.js](https://stenciljs.com/) - For making Web Components so easy
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) - For Source Sans Pro
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - For free hosting

---

<div align="center">

**Made with ❤️ using Vanilla JavaScript**

⭐ If this project helped you, consider giving it a star on GitHub

</div>
